date_range/readme/USAGE.rst, before:

To configure this module, you need to:

* Go to Settings > Technical > Date ranges > Date Range Types where
  you can create types of date ranges.

  .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/server-tools/10.0/date_range/static/description/date_range_type_create.png
     :scale: 80 %
     :alt: Create a type of date range

* Go to Settings > Technical > Date ranges >  Date Ranges where
  you can create date ranges.

  .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/server-tools/10.0/date_range/static/description/date_range_create.png
     :scale: 80 %
     :alt: Date range creation

  It's also possible to launch a wizard from the 'Generate Date Ranges' menu.

  .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/server-tools/10.0/date_range/static/description/date_range_wizard.png
     :scale: 80 %
     :alt: Date range wizard

  The wizard is useful to generate recurring periods.

  .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/server-tools/10.0/date_range/static/description/date_range_wizard_result.png
     :scale: 80 %
     :alt: Date range wizard result

* Your date ranges are now available in the search filter for any date or datetime fields

  Date range types are proposed as a filter operator

  .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/server-tools/10.0/date_range/static/description/date_range_type_as_filter.png
     :scale: 80 %
     :alt: Date range type available as filter operator

  Once a type is selected, date ranges of this type are porposed as a filter value

  .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/server-tools/10.0/date_range/static/description/date_range_as_filter.png
     :scale: 80 %
     :alt: Date range as filter value

  And the dates specified into the date range are used to filter your result.

  .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/server-tools/10.0/date_range/static/description/date_range_as_filter_result.png
     :scale: 80 %
     :alt: Date range as filter result

Commit message:

[ADD] : module_auto_update, contract.

date_range/readme/USAGE.rst, after:

To configure this module, you need to:

* Go to Settings > Technical > Date ranges > Date Range Types where
  you can create types of date ranges.

  .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/server-tools/14.0/date_range/static/description/date_range_type_create.png
     :scale: 80 %
     :alt: Create a type of date range

* Go to Settings > Technical > Date ranges >  Date Ranges where
  you can create date ranges.

  .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/server-tools/14.0/date_range/static/description/date_range_create.png
     :scale: 80 %
     :alt: Date range creation

  It's also possible to launch a wizard from the 'Generate Date Ranges' menu.

  .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/server-tools/14.0/date_range/static/description/date_range_wizard.png
     :scale: 80 %
     :alt: Date range wizard

  The wizard is useful to generate recurring periods. Set an end date or enter the number of ranges to create.

  .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/server-tools/14.0/date_range/static/description/date_range_wizard_result.png
     :scale: 80 %
     :alt: Date range wizard result

* Your date ranges are now available in the search filter for any date or datetime fields

  Date range types are proposed as a filter operator

  .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/server-tools/14.0/date_range/static/description/date_range_type_as_filter.png
     :scale: 80 %
     :alt: Date range type available as filter operator

  Once a type is selected, date ranges of this type are porposed as a filter value

  .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/server-tools/14.0/date_range/static/description/date_range_as_filter.png
     :scale: 80 %
     :alt: Date range as filter value

  And the dates specified into the date range are used to filter your result.

  .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/server-tools/14.0/date_range/static/description/date_range_as_filter_result.png
     :scale: 80 %
     :alt: Date range as filter result

* You can configure date range types with default values for the generation wizard on the `Generation` tab.
  In the same tab you can also configure date range types for auto-generation. New ranges for types configured for this are generated by a scheduled task that runs daily.

  .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/server-tools/14.0/date_range/static/description/date_range_type_autogeneration.png
     :scale: 80 %
     :alt: Configure a date range for auto-generaton
